Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[YELLING]
HUB:
Let's roll.
[LAUGH ING]
HUB:
I love it! I love it!
[SNORING]
[PLANE ENGINE
HUMMING NEARBY]
[GARTH & HUB
LAUGH ING AND CHEERING]
[GASPS]
[SIREN WAILING]
-Yes.
-Ha-ha-ha.
HUB: I knew that'd get him!
-Hey.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
[PHONE RINGING]
WALTER: Hello?
MAN [OVER PHONE]: Walter?
WALTER: Yes?
-I have some bad news.
It's about your two uncles, son.
Walter?
WOMAN:
Walter? Walter.
Good news.
You're spending the summer
with your two uncles.
It's just gonna be for a few weeks.
A month or two, tops.
Scout's honor, okay?
Cross my heart
and hope to die, okay?
Where are you going this time?
The Fort Worth College
of Court Reporting.
I met a guy last night.
He's gonna pull some strings.
Walter, you're gonna have
to learn to trust people...
...or you're gonna grow up
bitter and disappointed.
You're gonna have fun
with your two uncles. You'll see.
Mom, you're an only child.
I know what uncles are.
Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants...
...it just so happens,
they really are your uncles.
Your great-uncles.
My mother's brothers.
They disappeared 40 years ago...
...and just now showed up
back here in Texas.
-Can't I come with you?
-No.
Honey, I'm gonna be working
my tail off learning court reporting.
I'm doing everything I can
to keep this family together.
How about a little help here, okay?
[SCOFFS]
Now, look.
They say these two old men
got millions stashed away in cash.
Nobody knows where they got it.
Got no kids, no one to leave
all that money to.
You and me, we're as close
as any family they got.
You want them to like me...
...so they'll die
and leave us their money?
We could buy a house,
maybe settle down.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Oh, look. Here it is.
Here it is, honey. Here it is.
By the way, I hear these two were
in some state nuthouse for 40 years.
Got all their money
from a big lawsuit or something.
But then there's
lots of stories about them.
Who knows what to believe?
Just find out where they stashed
all that money, okay?
-Maybe we should've called first.
-No. Older people just love surprises.
Here we are.
Okay.
[DOGS BARKING]
Aah! Aah!
Go away, go away.
Hey, go away. Shoo.
[SQUEALS]
Show them you're friendly, honey.
Let them smell your hand.
[GROWLING]
[GUNFIRE IN DISTANCE]
They must be down there
by that lake.
Let's go. Come on.
[GUNSHOT]
GARTH:
Let's go. There he is.
HUB: Winged him.
GARTH: He's running for it.
GARTH: Damn. Empty.
-Get ammo. I'll keep him covered.
MAE:
Yoo-hoo.
Ha, ha.
HUB:
Huh?
Yoo-hoo.
You send for a hooker?
Uncle Hub, Uncle Garth,
it's me, Mae.
[MAE CHUCKLING]
Mae.
Pearl's daughter.
And I brought Walter, your nephew.
-Relatives.
-Damn, God.
We're old, damn it. Leave us alone.
The last thing we need
is some little sissy boy...
...hanging around all summer.
Walter, honey...
...why don't you wait out here
and play, okay? I'll be a minute.
He could help out
around here, do chores.
HUB:
Help out? Your kid's a damn wienie.
MAE:
I know.
That's why he needs
to be around real men...
...like you two. It won't be for long.
HUB: He's gotta cook for his
damn self. I'm not cooking.
[PIG GRUNTING]
Nice doggie. Come play.
MAE:
This is for your own good, Walter.
You know...
... I bet all that money
is hidden real close by.
Imagine, a real buried treasure...
...just like in those books
you're always reading.
Walter, maybe if you'd learn
to smile once in a while...
...then people might like you.
Now, come on, how about
a big smile to remember you by?
Okay? Come on.
You're gonna have to work
on that smile while I'm gone, okay?
Bye, honey. Bye.
[DOGS BARKING]
Well?
If my mom calls, can we hear
the telephone out here?
-Don't have one.
-No telephone?
Is it okay if I go inside
and watch television?
-Ain't got one.
-No television?
What do you do?
[ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING ON CAR RADIO]
[MUSIC STOPS]
Hey.
Rumor has is you two have
millions stashed away.
Why not put some of that money
to work for you...
...with the high yield only investing
in gold and silver can bring?
[SHOUTING]
Can I leave you some pamphlets?
[GUNSHOT]
Gentlemen, word is out.
You are two sophisticated
men of means--
[SCREAMS]
Hey!
GARTH:
Nice evening. Peaceful.
[FLOORS CREAKING]
GARTH:
Hey, kid.
You sleep up there. In the tower.
[BIRD CAWING]
Hey, we don't know
nothing about kids.
-So if you need something....
-Find it yourself.
-Or better yet, learn to do without.
-Yeah.
-We're both getting old.
-Fixing to die any time.
So, uh, if we kick off
in the middle of the night...
...you're on your own.
-Jumpy little fella.
-Mm.
Quiet though.
[THUD]
Uncle Hub?
[GASPS]
[DOG BARKS THEN GROWLS]
[WHISPERS]
He's sleepwalking.
[DOGS WHIMPERING]
[SWORD UNSHEATHES]
[SWORD CLANGING]
[GRUNTING]
[PIG GRUNTING]
[DOGS BARKING]
Brand-new mattress,
and I'm still waking up tired and sore.
[ROOSTER CLUCKING]
[PIG GRUNTING]
So...
...you two disappeared for...
...40 whole years.
Where were you?
Africa mostly.
Morocco, Algeria, Kenya.
Not much sadder than
a couple of has-beens...
...jabbering about
the good old days.
Those days are through.
So are we.
[HUB & GARTH GRUNTING]
-I hate this. I hate it.
-We're retired.
Gardening is what
retired people do.
HUB: What do we want any
damn vegetables for anyway?
They're good for you.
Make you live to be 100.
HUB: Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
To hell with that.
You live to be 100.
[CAR HORN HONKING]
MAN: Hey, Uncle Hub.
WOMAN: Hub, how are you doing?
Kids, say hi to Uncle Hub.
Hub, come back here
and see who we brought.
MAN: Uncle Garth.
Kids, say hi to Uncle Garth.
[DOGS WHIMPERING]
We're here for a nice long visit.
The whole weekend. We know
how lonely our favorite uncles get.
Who the hell are you?
-Walter.
-Walter?
Mae's boy?
Pearl's daughter.
That loose, widow woman
always running around.
-It figures she'd muscle in.
-Is Mae here?
How long are you here for?
Well, we'll just see about that.
We know what you're up to.
Don't think you're gonna
get away with it.
Come on, boys. Come on.
His momma's gonna be back
before long.
Oh, that woman? Huh.
From what I hear, she may never
come back. What then?
Then you'd be stuck with him.
I'm telling you, take him
to the orphanage right this minute.
Whether we take him to the
orphanage or throw him in the lake...
...it's our business, not yours.
Here he is now, spying.
Ow! Ow, ow!
See what I'm saying?
Did you see what he just did?
GARTH:
Mm-hm.
[PHONE RINGS]
WOMAN [OVER PHONE]: Fort
Worth College of Court Reporting.
WALTER: I need to find my mom.
She's a student there.
WOMAN:
I'm sorry, we're closed.
But-- Pl-- It's an emergency. Please?
Her name's Mae, Mae Coleman.
[SIGHS]
Um....
No, I'm sorry, there's no
Mae Coleman registered here.
WALTER:
Oh. Try Mae Carter.
[SIGHS]
No, I'm sorry.
WALTER:
Mabel Cartwright?
Mabe Calloway?
Donna Tompko?
WOMAN: Young man,
are you in some sort of trouble?
She's gotta be there.
She just started.
Listen, our classes
started back in January.
No one could have possibly
just started.
Hello? Hello?
Hello?
Hub, I don't know why
you have to drive. It's my car.
Stop whining.
If we find the kid,
he's gonna get a piece of my mind.
There he is.
Lawyer, stay in the car.
GARTH:
Hub, come on.
-No, no. You, not me, no.
GARTH: Hub.
Get out of the car.
Planning your next move?
Where you figure on going?
Here. Area code 406.
Montana.
How come you're not heading to, uh,
Fort Worth where your momma is?
She's not there.
She lied.
Again.
GARTH:
Listen, kid, uh...
...we know you got your heart
set on going to Montana, but, uh...
...it's late.
Hub, help me out here.
Why? It sounds like
his mind's made up.
Good luck in Montana, kid.
We've got better maps than that one
at the house, right, Hub?
Yeah, a man needs a good map,
that's for sure.
Sure.
I've been to the orphan home before.
I don't wanna go back.
HUB:
Damn it, kid...
...it ain't our fault you got
a lousy damn mother.
WALTER:
Guess I should get going.
Which way is north?
[CAR HORN HONKS]
I'll say one thing for this kid,
he sure pisses off the relatives.
[CHUCKLES]
Uh, listen, kid, uh, do us a favor.
If you come back to the house
and stay a while...
...why, our relatives
are gonna hate it.
I bet they hate it so much...
...they go away
and leave us all the hell alone.
-It's crazy enough it just might work.
-Mm. Sure.
Come on, kid, help us out here.
I guess I could come back...
...for a while...
...seeing it's so important.
So, kid...
...how's that root beer?
Uncle Hub, Uncle Garth...
...this has been such...
...a wonderful weekend.
I hate to bring this up...
...but have you two looked
at that will I left for you?
Uh, you both need
to be thinking about these things...
...at your age.
[CAR HORN HONKING]
Don't shoot. Don't shoot.
GARTH:
He's been here before.
SALESMAN: Brothers McCann?
-This is no ordinary salesman.
Hell, I like me a challenge.
-Can we talk?
-Come out where we can see you.
SALESMAN: Put down your guns
and I'll come out.
This guy is good.
[SALESMAN SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY]
HUB:
I'll cover, you sneak around.
SALESMAN:
--that's not complete.
What? What do you? What? What?
-Why not see what he's selling?
SALESMAN: Let me show it to you.
-What the hell for?
SALESMAN: It's right behind my car.
What's the good having money
if you never spend it?
-Trust me.
-It could be the kid has a point.
Yeah, well....
We'll see what the man's selling.
-Then we shoot him.
-Good plan.
Whew. Ha, ha.
Due to the, uh...
...unsettling nature
of our previous encounters...
... I took it upon myself to search
the world over for that--
That perfect item
that'd be just right...
...for two exuberant sportsmen
such as yourselves.
And boys, well,
I do believe I found it.
Voila.
What is it?
Well, that right there
is the sport of kings.
Till now, only heads of state
have been able to afford...
...equipment like that...
...and it is so simple to operate
this child could do it.
-Really?
SALESMAN: Ah, here.
I'll tell you what.
You step right up here and chunk
that lever back on my signal, okay?
Go ahead.
-Wow.
-Most powerful one on the market...
...and very reasonably priced,
I might add.
Well, that is the biggest
waste of money...
... I have ever seen in my entire life.
Mister, you load up that contraption
and get the hell off this land.
-We'll take it.
-Oh, no, you don't.
I won't have my children
around this gun foolishness.
Then leave.
-Come on, Daddy, let's go.
-Come on. Come on.
HELEN: You know what happens
when my feelings get hurt.
Get in the car.
Pull.
GARTH:
HUB:
Pull.
[DISK WHIRRING]
[DOOR CREAKS THEN SLAMS]
WALTER: Uncle Hub?
-Don't. I tried to wake him once.
He nearly tore my head off.
Leave him for a few minutes.
What are you doing
out here so late?
WALTER:
What's wrong with him?
Well, a man's body may grow old...
...but inside his spirit can still be
as young and restless as ever.
And him...
...in his day, he had more spirit...
...than 20 men.
WALTER: It looks like
he's looking for something.
GARTH: Mm-hm.
-What?
He's looking for her.
Who? What was her name?
Jasmine.
Okay, tell me.
You want me to tell you the story?
Now?
That'd take days.
Uh, well, uh....
Hub was always
too restless for Texas.
He convinced our folks...
...that he needed to go to Europe...
...and I needed to come along.
That was the summer of 1914.
[CROWD CHATTERING]
[SHIP HORN BLOWS]
[CHUCKLES]
[WOMAN SPEAKING IN FRENCH]
BOY:
Extra, extra. Germany invades.
GARTH: Unfortunately,
just as we arrived in France...
...so did the Kaiser
and the entire German Army.
I wanted to go home...
...but Hub said
we should tour Europe...
...one step ahead of the Germans.
And we did. What a time that was.
There were these girls
in Toulon, twins. And they....
[COUGHS]
Anyway, we eventually, uh,
wound up in Marseilles...
...with passages booked
on the last ship out of Europe.
And Hub, he decided
that we should spend our last night...
...enjoying the local nightlife.
[BAND PLAYING OFFENBACH'S
"ORPHEUS IN THE UNDERWORLD"]
[CHATTERING]
GARTH: He made friends
with these soldiers...
...and they bought us some drinks.
Strong, strange drinks.
[BOTH SHOUT]
GARTH:
We woke up on a ship...
...bound for North Africa,
shanghaied.
[MEN SPEAKING IN FRENCH]
-Shanghaied?
GARTH: Yeah.
We found ourselves
in the French Foreign Legion.
"It's all my fault," Hub said,
but he told me not to worry.
He'd make sure
nothing happened to me.
[GUNFIRE
AND EXPLOSIONS BOOMING]
[MEN GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
GARTH: We fought many battles
against overwhelming odds.
He saved my life countless times.
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
GARTH: When the war was over,
we both went our separate ways.
I ended up leading safaris, mostly
for writers and, uh, Hollywood folk.
But that was too tame for Hub.
[SHOUTING]
GARTH:
He got commissions...
...from the new
North African governments...
...to put an end to the slave trade.
No one, slave trader or Bedouin...
...had ever seen anything
like this mad American...
...who fought like 20 men.
HUB:
Hey.
What the hell are you two doing
out here in the middle of the night?
Just enjoying the cool night air.
Either one of you
got a lick of sense...
...go to bed.
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
MAE:
Dear Walter...
...how are you?
Found your uncles' money yet?
Here I am at school in Fort Worth...
...my nose
to the court-reporting grind....
HUB: Damn it, brother, I'm not
going anywhere looking like this.
Look like a damn sharecropper.
Ha, ha.
We're gardeners.
This is what gardeners wear.
I bought you some clothes too.
They're in your room.
GARTH: Think how good
all these vegetables are gonna taste.
Peas, beans...
...squash, tomatoes.
-Yeah.
-What's this row?
Beets.
HUB: Beets?
-Yeah.
And what about this row?
GARTH: Potatoes.
HUB: Potatoes?
GARTH:
Yeah.
Wait one damn minute here.
-What's this row here?
-Tomatoes.
HUB: Tomatoes?
-Yeah.
That's lettuce, squash,
sweet potatoes, carrots, bok choy.
-Bok Choy? What is that?
-Chinese cabbage.
-Hey, that row looks right.
-Yeah, well, this is corn.
All those seeds did look alike,
come to think of it.
-Yeah, like corn.
GARTH: Boy...
...that seed salesman
sure saw us coming.
No, saw you coming.
Corn, corn, corn.
Nothing but corn.
Corn. Corn.
[HORN HONKS IN DISTANCE]
By God, it's here.
Kid, help him unload.
We'll be right back.
[BLEATING]
[GROWLING NEARBY]
[LION ROARS]
Careful, kid. He's a man-eater.
Is this the McCann place?
We brought your lion.
King of the beasts.
Terror of the jungle.
You bought a lion? A used lion?
GARTH: Stand back, kid, you don't
wanna get mauled and eaten.
-What are you doing?
GARTH: Brother...
...this is the best idea you ever had.
This lion head will sure look good
hanging over our fireplace.
What fireplace?
You don't have a fireplace.
We'll buy one.
-You're gonna shoot it?
-Well, be seeing you.
GARTH: He's in there, all right.
-I don't think this is very sporting.
Kid, at our age,
this is as sporting as we get.
GARTH:
Walter, come here.
When I give the word, pull this.
Pull.
Hey.
[LION GRUNTS]
Come on out of there.
Hey, you in the crate.
Get your lion butt out of there.
Looks awful tame.
[BELCHES THEN COUGHS]
This lion's no good.
It's-- It's defective.
-It's alive, that's the main thing.
-Go ahead and shoot it then.
No, it wouldn't be sporting,
shooting it inside a crate.
WALTER:
Looks kind of old...
...worn-out looking.
Some kind of lion hunt this is.
Perfect. A reject.
Some sick zoo cast-off.
So can I keep him?
I'll look after him and take care of him
and feed him and everything.
I never had a pet
of my very own before.
So, kid, you wanna take care of it,
nurse it back to health?
Good. Then we shoot it.
GARTH:
That's some lion you bought.
HUB: That's some garden seeds
you bought.
Don't worry, they're not as bad
as they seem right at first.
I'll be right back with supper.
There. Now you can see out.
You sure he can't get out?
She. It's a girl lion.
I named her Jasmine.
What'd you just say?
It seemed like a good name
for a lion.
[DOOR SLAMS]
I'm sorry it took a while to come in.
In 40 years, I never had a call for it.
Purina Lion Chow.
I'll be.
If you wait a few minutes,
my boys will load you up.
I got it.
Garth, pay the man.
Hub, be careful.
Mr. McCann, those are bags
that weigh 50 pounds apiece.
GARTH:
Take the other end.
Here we go.
If you two old ladies wanna get in,
I'll take you home now.
[GROANS]
Hub.
Psst.
[WHISPERS]
Little boy.
You're with those
McCann brothers?
I know that they're
ex-Mafia hit men.
They're on the run with millions
that they stole from Al Capone.
[MOUTHS]
Be careful.
Tell me more about Africa.
About you and Uncle Hub
and Jasmine.
Why would a smart kid like you
wanna hear hokey old stories?
What else do we have to do?
Where was I?
"No one, slave trader or Bedouin...
...had ever seen anything
like this mad American...
...who fought like 20 men."
Yeah, right, right, right.
Well, it so happened...
...one of the women that Hub freed...
...was handmaiden to a princess.
When she told her mistress
the story of her rescue...
...most of all, she told her about
the handsome, heroic American.
"I must meet this man,"
the princess said.
[WOMEN GIGGLING]
GARTH: One day, Hub was riding
his horse along the Mediterranean...
...when out of nowhere,
another rider came up alongside.
But you know Hub. He wasn't
about to let a chance pass.
It became a race.
Most people say that Hub
was the best rider in North Africa.
But this other rider
kept neck and neck...
...as the race went on and on.
Then the two horses collided.
The riders went flying into the sea.
Hub leaped to his feet
ready for anything...
...or so he thought.
This was the princess...
...the most beautiful woman
he had ever seen.
WALTER: Jasmine.
GARTH: Jasmine.
Many people say there's
no such thing nowadays...
...it's something
you only find in stories...
...but when these two set eyes
on each other for the first time...
...this was honest to God,
no kidding, sure enough...
...once in a lifetime...
...love at first sight.
Wait a minute. If it was true love...
...they would've been married
and lived happily ever after, right?
Aren't you getting
ahead of the story?
-Okay, keep going.
-Well...
...things weren't easy for them
back then.
She was promised
to another man...
...a powerful sheik
in a neighboring kingdom.
He heard that Jasmine
was in love with another...
...so he threatened her father...
...and took Jasmine off
to his kingdom...
...and locked her up in his harem.
She told the other wives
that she would rather die...
...than marry this heartless sheik.
She had a knife on her.
[WOMEN GASP]
GARTH: And when
he came for her that night...
...she was going
to slit her own throat.
What did Uncle Hub do?
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
[BOTH WHIMPERING]
GARTH: They got married,
and lived happily ever after.
The end.
But wait...
...if they lived happily ever after...
...then they got married, and she'd
be here right now with us, right?
Didn't they have kids?
Where are they?
Nurse? What's going on?
I wish they'd tell us something.
HUB:
Get out of my face!
Where'd you put my damn pants?
Where's my pants?
DOCTOR: You can't do that.
HUB: Give me my pants.
Who put me in here?
Who put me in here? You two.
Hospitals, lot of good they are.
How would you know? You're never
in one long enough to find out.
Hey, you missed the turn.
-I did not.
-Home is that way.
I wanna go this way.
Doctor, um, where is Mr. McCann?
Oh, I'm afraid he's gone.
[GASPS]
Well, he led a long full life.
-Where is the body?
-No, he's gone. Left.
Mr. McCann checked himself out.
Left?
Brother...
...someday you're gonna have
to start acting your age.
What the hell does that mean?
All your life, you've never been
frightened of anything.
So what's eating at you now?
Getting old?
-Dying?
-Hell, no.
-What, then?
-Being useless.
When we were young
there was a reason...
...there was a point.
Things made sense.
Now there's no point to anything.
So, what do we do? We garden.
We outlived our time, brother.
[MEN CHEERING NEARBY]
[ENGINE REVVING]
FRANKIE: Go get some beers.
MAN 1: All right.
Hey, old man...
...how's that barbeque?
Give me some.
We're busy, boy. Get lost, all right?
[SNORTS]
FRANKIE:
What did you say?
[HUB SIGHS]
Here's a perfect example
of what I've been talking about.
Since this boy was suckling
on his momma's tit...
...he's been given
everything but discipline.
And now his idea
of courage and manhood...
...is to get together with
a bunch of punk friends...
...and ride around irritating folks...
...too good-natured
to put a stop to it. Ha, ha.
Hey, who do you
think you are, huh?
-Just a dumb kid, Hub, don't kill him.
-Right.
Ha-- Oh!
Hub McCann.
Fought in two world wars...
...and countless
smaller ones on three continents.
I led thousands of men
into battle with everything...
...from horses and swords
to artillery and tanks.
I've seen the headwaters
of the Nile...
...and tribes of natives that
no white man had ever seen before.
I've won and lost a dozen fortunes...
...killed many men...
...and loved only one woman...
...with a passion a flea like you
could never begin to understand.
That's who I am.
Now, go home, boy.
FRANKIE: We'll show these
old bastards whose tough.
-Get out your knife.
MAN 1: Yeah.
[GUN COCKS]
Now, boys...
...you're fixing to let
those teenage hormones...
...get you into a world of trouble.
[KNIVES CLATTER ON FLOOR]
Damn it, Garth.
Did I ask you to butt in?
Hub, you just
come out of the hospital.
Well, there's, uh--
There's only four of them.
Yeah, but, look,
you fight this one first.
And then I'll let you fight
the other three after, okay?
Yeah. Watch this, kid.
Now, you.
You better pick that knife up...
...because, son, heh, you're gonna
need all the help you can get.
[CHUCKLES]
-Come on, Frankie.
-Get him.
[MEN CHATTERING]
[GRUNTING]
Shoot, oldest trick in the book.
FRANKIE:
Oh! Okay, okay.
You hold it wrong, son. Not like this.
You always do it like this. Smooth.
-Try it again.
MAN 2: Come on, Frankie.
Come on, Frankie, get him.
-Cut him
MAN 2: Come on. Okay.
MAN 1: Get him, Frankie, cut him.
-You got him. Frankie, come on.
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
-Stop, stop. Aah!
-You're breaking his arm.
You three had better
get in there and help him.
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
Why aren't you helping him?
Hub always hogs the bad guys.
He's selfish that way.
But there's four of them.
Three of them.
Go on, Hub. Hey, there's my boy.
Like this, kid? Pretty good, huh?
-Couldn't you share?
-No.
After 40 years, I'm used to it.
Aah!
[CAR HORN HONKING]
Besides, right now, I figure
he needs them worse than I do.
Go on, Hub.
This will hold him though.
-This will hold him.
MAN 1: Please. Please.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
They're not back yet, Daddy.
I'm sure with Hub
just out of the hospital...
...they're taking it slow
and easy on the way home.
Yeah.
Oh, I hate this house. I hate it.
When those two finally
drop dead...
... I want you to burn this place
to the ground, Daddy.
Hey, what's that?
BOY 2:
Beats me.
-Let's tear it up.
-Yeah.
-What is it?
-It's stuffed.
[LION ROARS
THEN BOYS SCREAM]
BOTH:
Mom! Mom!
[BIRD WHOOPING]
BOYS: He's alive.
-What? Ugh.
What have I told you about
those lies of yours?
No. Get away.
[BOYS CRYING]
Hey, don't step on my shoes.
What have you done
with Uncle Hub?
Kid, get some meat.
Where's Uncle Hub?
Oh, Lord, there's been an accident.
I want to go home now.
You're in no shape to go home now.
WALTER: It was a fight.
Uncle Hub won. It was great.
The lion really did try to eat us.
HELEN: Shush.
-Jasmine?
Oh, Jasmine.
I haven't fed her all day.
I bet she's really hungry.
I gotta go feed her.
Here, here.
Here you go, Jasmine.
Jasmine?
[JASMINE ROARING
IN DISTANCE]
-There really is a lion.
FRANKIE: Lion? You got a lion?
-It's locked up.
-No, it isn't. It tried to eat us.
-It really tried to eat us.
HUB: Get the guns.
GARTH: Get out of the way.
HELEN:
Come here, come here.
Jasmine?
[JASMINE ROARING]
Jasmine? Jasmine? Jasmine?
Come on. Oh.
Ew, lion spit. No, ha, stop.
Don't shoot, you'll hit him.
WALTER:
Come on. Whoa.
[GUNS COCK]
GARTH:
They're gone.
-We might be too late.
-Move in.
You stay. Stay.
WALTER:
Jasmine. Ha, ow.
Ew. Stop, stop.
[GASPS]
Attack him.
[PURRING]
She's feeling a lot better.
Get off of me.
We're leaving.
And we are not coming back
until you get rid of that monster.
-Well, the lion stays.
-Ha, ha.
All right, that's it. Come on, Daddy.
Daddy! Come on.
CHILDREN:
Bye, Uncle Hub. Bye, Uncle Garth.
Shut up. Get in the car.
I need a drink bad.
I'm having a bad day.
GARTH:
You boys hungry?
-Wanna stay for supper?
-What are we gonna eat?
Meat.
A lot of meat.
[JASMINE ROARS]
She won't come out of the cornfield.
This cornfield's the closest thing
to a jungle she's ever seen.
She knows this is where
she belongs.
[JASMINE ROARING]
-I think she's happy.
HUB: I think she is.
What about you? You happy?
[HUB SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
WALTER: What's he saying to them?
-He's giving them his...
..."What every boy needs to know
about being a man" speech.
A lot of men have heard
that speech over the years.
A lot of men.
-Will he give that speech to me?
GARTH: Oh, I guarantee it.
Assuming he's still around,
of course.
Hey, you didn't finish that story
about Uncle Hub and Jasmine.
-You don't believe this Africa stuff?
-It's a good story.
Well, after he rescued Jasmine...
...several years passed,
wonderful years.
[HORSES WH INNYING]
GARTH:
Never were two people so happy...
...so in love.
It was perfect.
Except for one thing.
-The sheik.
He hated Hub
for stealing Jasmine...
...so he put a price on Hub's head:
Ten thousand pieces of gold.
A fortune.
Assassins came from miles around.
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
Come on.
GARTH: He and Jasmine
had to be on guard...
...every minute of every day.
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
GARTH: Hub knew he and Jasmine
couldn't run forever...
...that sooner or later
their luck would run out.
There was only one thing to do.
So one day an assassin led Hub,
bound in chains...
...into the sheik's fortress...
...to claim his 10,000 pieces of gold.
What?
[LAUGH ING]
GARTH: They gave the assassin
bags and bags of gold...
...as the sheik ordered Hub...
...down to the notorious
Dungeon of 1387 Tortures.
What kind of greedy, no-good scum
would turn in Uncle Hub for money?
Well, I would.
[HUB GRUNTING]
WALTER:
Ah, it was a trick.
GARTH:
Yeah, it was a trick.
In the dungeon, I drew my sword...
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
...and single-handedly
slaughtered everyone in there...
...and freed Hub without dropping
a single gold coin.
WALTER:
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
You saved Uncle Hub...
...all this time carrying
hundreds of pounds of gold?
You don't believe I killed
all those men and saved Hub?
Well, Hub might've helped
just a little.
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
GARTH:
We were greatly outnumbered.
[MAN SCREAMS]
GARTH:
We fought against incredible odds.
And when it was over, we split up.
Each one knew
what the other had to do.
[COINS JINGLING]
GARTH:
High in his opulent bedchamber...
...the sheik slept.
He awoke with Hub's sword
across his throat.
The sheik was terrified...
...but Hub just lowered his blade.
"Defend yourself," Hub cried.
And he threw the sheik a sword.
[LAUGH ING]
[GRUNTING AND SHOUTING]
GARTH: The sheik knew
that he would surely die now...
...without even the right
to beg for mercy.
[WHIMPERING]
GARTH:
But Hub just said:
"Twice I have held
your life in my hands...
...and twice I have
given it back to you.
The next time....
Your life is mine.
[HORSE WHINNIES]
GARTH:
And from that moment on...
...the assassination attempts
stopped.
Some say it was
because the sheik...
...was afraid that Hub
would return and kill him.
Others said because Hub
had spared his life...
...the sheik did the honorable thing
and let his enemy live.
Personally, I think it's because...
...the sheik was so damn busy once
they discovered oil in his kingdom.
He became one of
the five richest men in the world.
What? The bad guy gets filthy rich?
[LAUGH ING]
What the heck kind of story
ends that way?
I just told it the way it happened.
FRANKIE: Bye.
MAN 1: So long.
So that's how you got
all your money?
-The gold from the sheik?
-Well....
Yeah.
Those young men
will be okay now.
-Will you?
-Yeah.
I feel old and worn out. Mm.
-You've been busy.
-Yeah.
Terrorizing doctors and nurses...
...beating up teenagers,
chasing after lions.
You've had a full day.
Lucky those boys don't know
diddly-squat about fighting.
Won't be long till the kid here
can whup my ass.
Won't be long till I'll be
helpless in a fight. Useless.
GARTH:
You'll feel better in a day or two.
Yeah, well...
... I'm going to bed. Good night, kid.
So, ahem...
...you finally gonna tell me
what happened to Jasmine?
-Nope.
-What?
You wanna know
what happened to Jasmine...
...you're gonna have to ask him.
Ask Uncle Hub?
Are you crazy?
Look what happened last time.
I'm tired of doing
all the dirty work around here.
If you wanna hear
the end of this story...
...you're gonna have to ask him.
[JASMINE ROARING]
[DOGS BARKING]
GARTH: Hub?
-Yeah?
GARTH: An airplane?
-Yep, always wanted one.
GARTH: You always said you'd
never set foot in an airplane.
You don't trust them
to fall right out of the sky.
They're dangerous, all right,
plenty dangerous.
You got a book
of instructions or something?
Yeah, right here.
GARTH: You don't know
a damn thing about airplanes.
Well, I'm gonna learn, I tell you.
Aha. It says right here:
"To climb, pull back on the stick.
To descend,
push forward on the stick."
I'll have this thing up
in the air in no time.
Whoo. Damn.
[DOG BARKING]
[METAL CLANGING]
WALTER:
Maybe it's just a new hobby.
Maybe he doesn't really mean to...
...you know, do something crazy.
You think so?
You ask him yet?
About Jasmine?
You'd better make it quick.
[SHOUTS]
What the hell?
It's the middle of the night.
What's the matter?
What are you doing here?
You got something to say to me?
Spit it out.
What happened to her,
Uncle Hub?
What happened to Jasmine?
I have to know. I have to.
HUB:
She died.
Died in childbirth.
Her and the baby.
What did you do?
HUB: Went back to the only life
I knew. Back to the Legion.
For the next 40 years, there was
always one more war to fight.
Then I got old and came here.
Here I am.
You cold, son?
You'd better-- Here.
You'd better--
You'd better go inside.
Good boy, thank you. Good boy.
Those stories about Africa...
...about you...
...they're true, aren't they?
-Doesn't matter.
-It does too.
Around my mom, all I hear is lies.
I don't know what to believe in.
If you wanna believe in something,
then believe in it.
Just because something isn't true,
that's no reason you can't believe in it.
All right.
There's a long speech
I give to young men...
...sounds like you need
to hear a piece of it.
Just a piece.
Sometimes the things
that may or may not be true...
...are the things that a man needs
to believe in the most.
That people are basically good.
That honor...
...courage and virtue
mean everything.
That power and money,
money and power mean nothing.
That good always triumphs
over evil.
And I want you to remember this,
that love....
True love never dies.
You remember that, boy.
You remember that.
Doesn't matter if it's true or not.
You see...
...a man should believe
in those things, because...
...those are the things
worth believing in.
Got that?
That was a good speech.
Think so? Thanks.
Yeah....
When are you gonna give me
the rest of the speech?
When you're almost a man.
-You promise?
-Wait one minute here. Wait--
I can't be a good man until you
give me the rest of the speech, right?
You need to stick around until I'm
old enough to hear the whole thing.
-I see what you're trying to pull.
-You have to stick around...
-...until I'm old enough.
-I'll write it down.
No. I want you
to give me the speech.
You won't be living here then.
You're my uncle. I need you
to stick around and be my uncle.
What about Uncle Garth?
He needs you.
What about the dogs
and the pig...
...and the lion?
We all need you. I need you.
-No, you're just being silly.
-No, it's true.
-You're being silly.
-It's true.
I know you miss Jasmine
an awful, awful lot.
[WALTER SOBBING]
But if you go...
...we'll miss you just as much.
It's true.
All right, damn it, you win.
I'll stick around
and be your damn uncle.
Don't expect me
to be happy about it.
All right? Deal?
[GROANS]
You're a good boy.
[GROWLING]
Walter, Walter. Get ready. Walter.
[GUN COCKS]
[LAUGH ING AND CHEERING]
[DOOR CREAKS THEN SHUTS]
[HAY RUSTLING]
[DOG BARKS]
[DOGS WHIMPERING]
This money look stolen to you?
[CAR APPROACHING]
[MAE GIGGLING]
Oh, honey, you're so funny.
No.
MAN: Whoo.
MAE: Oh!
[WHISPERS]
Shh, quiet.
-Mom.
MAE: Hi, honey.
Walter, Walter, this is Stan.
I've heard a lot about you, Walter.
Heh.
Your uncles still sleeping?
Best not wake them up.
Shh, come on.
Wanna go sit down?
You got so big.
So Stan here is a detective.
A real private eye,
just like in the movies.
-Wow, really?
-Sure, sure.
You wanna see my badge?
MAE: Stan works in Las Vegas.
How about that?
-What about court reporting school?
MAE: Oh, I had to quit.
Stan wants me to stay home
and be a wife and mother. Ha, ha.
Won't that be wonderful?
[MAE GIGGLES]
I bet you found out where
your uncles hid all that money, huh?
Why do you wanna know?
[CLEARS THROAT]
Walt, your uncles
match the description...
...of two bank robbers
from the '20s and '30s.
-No, you're wrong.
-When Mae told me about them...
... I got copies of the reports
and showed them to her.
It's them, honey.
They used shotguns.
They wore disguises.
They stole all that money.
And they shot people...
...innocent people.
No, not them. It can't be.
Stan knows
what he's talking about, honey.
What about Jasmine?
She and Uncle Hub
were in love. They--
-I have her picture.
-Honey, wasn't Jasmine...
...the woman who was driving
the getaway car?
-Oh, right.
STAN: Oh, Jasmine.
She was wounded.
And they just drove off...
...and left her for dead.
I know this hurts, son.
But they're criminals,
and they lied to you.
My poor baby.
Oh, in the arms
of vicious criminals.
We came just as soon
as we found out.
We've come to take you away.
Now, I want you to tell Stan...
...where the money is,
then we'll go pack your things, okay?
Why do you need to know
where the money is?
Look at me, son.
Because it doesn't belong to them.
It's stolen.
Why, it's probably hidden
right outside here somewhere, right?
Close by?
I'll tell you what, uh,
why don't we take a little walk, huh?
Show us around the place.
-What do you say?
MAE: Let's go.
Well, Walt, your mother
and I found a nice house.
Don't have enough money
for the down payment though.
We could always turn your uncles in
for the reward money...
...but they'd go to jail.
Since all that money's
stolen, honey...
...we got a right to it
just as much as they do.
We'll have a nice family
and nobody gets hurt.
Isn't it wonderful, Walter?
It's what we always wanted.
So where is it?
Come on. They're old,
they're gonna die soon anyway.
You want Uncle Sam
to end up with that dough?
Just tell us.
Hub and Garth didn't rob any banks.
They were in Africa.
Africa? Oh, Walter, be serious.
Really. They were shanghaied
into the Foreign Legion...
...and had adventures for 40 years.
They couldn't have robbed banks.
Come on. You don't believe all that,
do you?
-Sure, I do.
-You? Mr. Doubting Thomas?
Here Stan's got actual evidence,
and you believe that Africa crap?
Yes. Yes, I do.
Mae, you should go wait
on the porch.
We're gonna have
a little chat, man to man.
Why don't we talk in the barn?
What do you say?
Come on.
Getting warmer? Huh?
WALTER:
No, let go.
[WALTER GROANING]
STAN: Let's you and me
get something straight.
We can be friends
or we can be enemies.
I've had a run of crummy luck lately.
I know some bad people who
wanna cause a lot of trouble for me.
I need that money,
and I know it's close.
And I'll be damned if some...
...snot-nosed kid
is gonna stand in my way.
So, what's it gonna be, pal?
Friends or enemies?
-Defend yourself.
-Huh?
[GROANING]
STAN:
Where is it?
Where's the money? Where is it?
[WALTER GRUNTING]
STAN:
Where is it? Where is it?
[GROWLING]
STAN:
Tell me where it is.
Where is it?
[JASMINE ROARING]
[STAN SCREAMING]
MAE:
I heard some noise.
Oh, God.
Jasmine?
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my goodness. Stan.
It's dead.
Oh, my God, he's dead.
Stan's dead.
He'll live. I'm talking about the lion.
MAE:
Oh!
We have to get him to the hospital.
Mae, get your car.
-I can't, I can't.
-Mae, your car.
-Get it, get it.
-Okay, okay.
GARTH: Let's get this lion off him.
HUB: Okay.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
-This man's gonna need stitches.
-A lot of damn stitches.
[STAN GROANS]
What happened to her?
Looks like her heart gave out
in all the excitement.
-Yeah.
-She was plenty old, you know?
Look.
I think she's smiling.
Yeah. I guess she died happy.
She died with her boots on,
that's the main thing.
Protecting her cub.
She was a real lion, wasn't she?
There at the end.
Sure.
WALTER:
A real jungle lion.
A real Africa lion.
You finished packing?
GARTH: Your momma's gonna
be back from the hospital soon.
You can wait for her
on the front porch.
[SWING MUSIC
PLAYING ON CAR RADIO]
MAE:
Stay right here.
Don't you move a muscle.
So you all packed?
Where's your suitcase?
[DOG BARKING]
Don't be fresh.
[WHIMPERS]
-Upstairs in my room.
-Well, let's go get it.
Howdy, Stan.
[STAN MUMBLES]
You know, you're lucky, Stan.
Lucky that lion got to you
before we did.
[STAN GROANS]
I wonder what your uncles
are saying to Stan.
Probably their "What every boy needs
to know about being a man" speech.
Well, I'm glad to see
they're making friends.
So you all set?
Let's go.
To make a long story short, Stan,
you and me, we can be friends...
...or we can be enemies.
[STAN GROANS]
MAE: Well, boys, I hope Walter
wasn't too much trouble.
HUB: We managed.
-What's gonna happen to him?
A man like that's got no business
being around your boy.
Well, of course not.
What kind of mother would I be?
I'm gonna drop him off
in Las Vegas.
I'll be back for the...
...rest of that speech if....
I'll be here.
Good boy.
WALTER:
Thanks for the stories...
...and everything. It-- it--
It meant an--
An awful, awful lot.
I'm glad.
MAE: Well, come on, honey.
We're burning daylight.
[DOGS WHIMPERING]
[CAR STARTS]
Damn. She doesn't deserve that kid.
Maybe we should get a lawyer.
No judge is gonna take a child
away from its mother...
...and give it
to two old bachelor uncles.
Maybe she'll sell him to us.
How much money we got?
Hub.
There's nothing we can do.
He's gone.
[MAE HUMMING]
-So where are we going?
-I told you, Las Vegas.
I mean after. After we drop Stan off.
Well, honey, ugh, Stan's gonna
need a lot of looking after.
[CHUCKLES]
Walter!
What are you doing?
Oh, my God.
[STAN GROAN ING]
Walter! Walter!
Walter, stop!
Stop right there!
What's gotten into you?
Oh, honey, are you all right?
You gave me a heart attack.
You're still marrying him
after everything.
Oh, he's not so bad.
A little rough around the edges,
but he can change.
Mom!
He says he loves me.
-Has he hit you yet?
-Mind your own business.
You always think a new boyfriend
solves everything...
...but you always pick losers,
and he's the worst of them all.
Walter, I had no choice.
Maybe you don't.
What?
-Mom?
-What?
WALTER:
Do something for me.
For once.
Do something that's best for me.
Okay?
Salesmen ought to be here
in two, three hours.
Whoop-de-doo.
[DOGS WHIMPERING]
Lookie yonder.
[DOGS BARKING]
Okay, if I'm gonna live here...
...there's gonna be
some conditions.
Conditions? Ha.
One, you two gotta stick around...
...until I'm through
with high school at least...
...preferably college.
You both got responsibilities now:
PTA, Boy Scouts, Little League...
...the works.
Sounds like we don't have
much choice.
Two, you both gotta take
better care of yourselves.
More vegetables, less meat.
[HUB GROANS]
I wonder if, uh, traveling salesmen
sells school supplies?
And three,
no more dangerous stuff.
-No fighting teenagers, no airplanes--
-Now, wait one minute.
At least till I'm through with college.
-Maybe longer.
-What do you expect us to die of?
Old age?
Well....
Welcome home.
[GARTH & HUB
YELLING AND LAUGH ING]
[PHONE RINGING]
WALTER: Hello?
MAN [OVER PHONE]: Walter?
WALTER: Yes?
GRADY: This is Sheriff Grady.
I'm afraid I have
some bad news for you.
It's about your two uncles.
Uh, I'm sorry, they passed away.
There was an accident...
...and it's a blessing
that they didn't suffer.
It's a blessing too,
in a way, that they went together.
You understand.
I'm over here
at your uncles' place now.
You need to come on over here.
You need to see this for yourself.
GRADY: Walter?
-How you doing?
All right.
Best I can figure,
they were trying to fly...
...through that barn upside down.
Had a bunch of reporters
out here earlier, even CNN.
I guess any time a biplane...
...from the First World War
crashes doing acrobatics...
...being flown by two
90-year-old men--
Neither one of them
with pilot's licenses.
--well.... Ha-ha-ha.
Well, they had a good long run,
both of them.
They went out with their boots on.
Ha, ha.
Here. I found their will.
[CHUCKLES]
"The kid gets it all.
Just plant us in the damn garden...
...with the stupid lion."
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
GRADY:
Hey.
We've got some company.
This is it.
This is where they lived.
It's okay. Come here, buddy.
Come here. Look at this.
Look at this.
Uh, forgive me.
We were in Houston when we heard
their names on the news...
...and, well, we just had to come.
When I was a boy,
my grandfather told me such stories.
-Your grandfather?
-A very wealthy sheik.
He used to love to tell me stories
about his wild youth.
Amazing, unbelievable stories
all about two brothers...
...Hub and Garth McCann...
...the most valiant
and brave men, huh?
He called them his
most honored adversaries.
[ARABIC ACCENT]
"The only men who outsmarted me."
[CHUCKLES]
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Wait, so you--?
You knew these two men?
They raised me.
It's an honor. Ha, ha.
-Nice to meet you.
-It's nice to meet you.
Wow.
Aha.
I see they spent
my grandfather's gold wisely.
Yeah.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Well, there was this one
traveling salesman.
[CHUCKLING]
BOY:
So...
...the two men from
great-grandfather's stories...
...they really lived?
Yeah.
They really lived.
[ENGLISH SDH]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org